I'll pay my do the founders underwater
camera it's so cool that's awesome let's
try it so you see what the camera sees
on the screen all right what are you two
losers doing looking at fish ay ay ay ay
ay
whoa that was scary
don't be a pussy what the hell's that
save it's nice but no win chop quarters
damn it we're sinking quick delightful
aiexander what are you doing
there's space
you'll have to leave me no choice
Oh what happens where am I
the boat stranded us
look it's a radio station maybe contact
someone all right
what's this I don't know what hit this
ship whatever it was it hit hard we've
been stranded on this island
my friends drowned and I was the only
survivor
I think I'll make this place my home I
found some canned food in the cupboards
macaroni I think I'm going to do funny I
also found the Ripa parts bed hmm
I wonder what happened to it well I
slept on it last night it was a bit
sticky
anyway I'm Miko a born survivor Miko
came in wrote a diary what the hell why
did he say he was the only survivor
Mike and I are here did I seriously
sleep on the beach for two days I'm glad
he showed up I was supposed to be the
only survivor you were supposed to have
drowned what's wrong with you I'll kill
both of you ah don't do me cope if the
island living in it for two days has
driven you crazy huh huh ah I think we
should get out of here
this foot is killing you I can't go on
no man don't give up after this fighting
it are you sure about this
Alexandre tried to kill it when the ship
I must finish this